Notes for 2020-04-15 issue management meeting (#220)
react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals: core-meetings/2020-04-15-issue-management-meeting.md

# 2020-04-15 React Native Issue Management Meeting

## Agenda:
- Discuss common patterns observed in offline triage
- Go through Needs: Issue Manager Attention issues
- Go through Needs: Triage issues
- Go through Needs: Attention issues
- Discuss areas of improvement
- Create action items

## Notes

- No issues flagged [Needs: Issue Manager Attention](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/labels/Needs%3A%20Issue%20Manager%20Attention) this week
- Lots of issue traffic from upgrade issues to 0.62

>   - [Type: Upgrade Issue](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/labels/Type%3A%20Upgrade%20Issue) will redirect to the upgrade helper and close it.

Reviewer: Should redirect to Upgrade Support (https://github.com/react-native-community/upgrade-support).

```suggestion
  - [Type: Upgrade Issue](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/labels/Type%3A%20Upgrade%20Issue) will redirect to the Upgrade Support repository and close it.
```
